capital = 675
primary_culture = werewolves
religion = protestant
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = -25
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.67
civilized = yes

prestige = 34

# Political reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = non_socialist
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = non_secret_ballots

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = trinket_safety
health_care = trinket_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = trinket_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = low_schools

# Technologies
steel_weaponry = 1
siege_engines = 1
metallurgic_principles = 1
dirt_roads = 1
theories_of_chemistry = 1
simple_production_technquines = 1
hand_cranked_power = 1
guild_based_production = 1
freedom_of_trade = 1

# Inventions
#corvettes = yes

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0

ruling_party = FWW_reactionary
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 0
	conservative = 12
	reactionary = 88
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}
