capital = 352
primary_culture = klatchian
religion = protestant
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 30
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.55
civilized = yes

prestige = 100

# Political reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = non_socialist
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = non_secret_ballots

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = trinket_safety
health_care = trinket_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = trinket_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = low_schools

oob = "KLA_oob.txt"

# Technologies
steel_weaponry = 1
siege_engines = 1
metallurgic_principles = 1
dirt_roads = 1
theories_of_chemistry = 1
simple_production_technquines = 1
hand_cranked_power = 1
guild_based_production = 1
freedom_of_trade = 1
new_quisition_and_vetinarism = 1

# Inventions
#corvettes = yes
precision_work = yes
spear_production = yes
sword_production = yes

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 3
nonstate_consciousness = 1

ruling_party = KLA_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 12
	conservative = 83
	reactionary = 5
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}